README, spec and migration guide cleanup for react-divider (#23439)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-components/react-divider/MIGRATION.md

# Divider Migration

## Migration from v8

> The existing v8's `Separator` control supports a very similar set of props to the one being proposed for v9's `Divider` with a few differences that are outlined below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The existing v8 `Separator` control supports a very similar set of props to the one being proposed for v9's `Divider` with a few differences that are outlined below:
```

Reviewer 2: Or, since we're editing this sentence, it's probably also better to reword it to remove implications that the v9 Divider doesn't exist yet:
```suggestion
The v8 `Separator` control supports a very similar set of props to the v9 `Divider` with a few differences that are outlined below:
```

- `alignContent` => `alignContent`

> - `content` => NOT SUPPORTED - use `children` instead
> - `styles` => NOT SUPPORTED - use new styling system via `tokens` instead

Reviewer 2: Tweaks to wording: `content` is replaced by `children` (but still supported). And `styles` is still a prop, but not recommended.
```suggestion
- `content` => children of the `Divider`
- `styles` => recommended to use new theming system via `FluentProvider`
```

Author: `style` is a prop, not `styles`, right?

- `theme` => NOT SUPPORTED

> - `vertical` => `vertical`

Reviewer 2: The sentence above mentions that this is a list of the differences, but it appears `alignContent` and `vertical` are identical. Should they be left out of this list?

## Migration from v0

> The existing v0's `Divider` control supports a very similar set of props to the one being proposed for v9 with a few differences that are outlined below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The existing v0 `Divider` control supports a very similar set of props to the one being proposed for v9 with a few differences that are outlined below:
```

> - `content` => NOT SUPPORTED - use `children` instead

Reviewer 2: Ditto to above:
```suggestion
- `content` => children of the `Divider`
```
